Projects docs (#237)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/organize-workspaces-with-projects.mdx

---
page_title: Organizing Workspaces with Projects
description: >-

>   Use projects to organize and group workspaces and create ownership boundaries across your infrastructure.

Reviewer: Could we use another word instead of "boundaries" so we don't create search collisions with Boundary?

>   Use projects to organize and group workspaces and create ownership boundaries across your infrastructure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Use projects to organize workspaces and grant teams permissions to groups of workspaces.
```

>  ---
> page_title: Organizing Workspaces with Projects
> description: |-
> Use projects to organize and group workspaces and create ownership boundaries across your infrastructure.
> —

Author: Tiny formatting tweak to the page metadata:

```suggestion
---
page_title: Organizing Workspaces with Projects
description: |-
Use projects to organize and group workspaces and create ownership boundaries across your infrastructure.
---
```

Reviewer 3: Changes made in this PR to be merged upon approval: https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-docs-common/pull/245

# Organizing Workspaces with Projects

-> **Note:** Projects are available to all users, but managing project permissions requires the [Team & Governance](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing) tier. 

> Projects let you organize your workspaces and scope access to workspace resources. Each project has a separate permissions set that you can use to grant teams access to all workspaces in the project, defining access control boundaries for teams and their resources. Project-level permissions are more granular than organization-level permissions, but more specific than individual workspace-level grants.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Projects let you organize your workspaces and scope access to workspace resources. Each project has a separate permissions set that you can use to grant teams access to all workspaces in the project. Project-level permissions are more granular than organization-level permissions, but more specific than individual workspace-level grants.
```
